{\rtf1\mac\ansicpg10000\cocoartf824\cocoasubrtf480
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset77 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww15800\viewh10440\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\ql\qnatural\pardirnatural

\f0\fs24 \cf0 XBMC Eyetv Scraper\
Version 1.5\
By Prophead\
\
Includes TOG (defaults to off)\
By Nic "midgetspy" Wolfe\
\
XES (XBMCEyetvScraper) is a video plug-in for XBMC to view your Eyetv library from XBMC's video menu with the meta data, icons and thumbnails from Eyetv without eyetvsched files or the live tv buffer, and parse thetvdb for epg data, and attempt to build a subdirectory of symbolic links to support XBMC's library mode.\
\
I recommend you install XES in parallel with XEP (XBMCEyetvParser); Because XES takes a long time to scrape thetvdb epg data I recommend you only use it only when you need to refresh your TV Shows directory with new files from Eyetv.  XEP for quick viewing of current Eyetv shows, XES to periodically create/update your TV Shows symbolic links directory.  You can then choose to view your TV Shows symbolic links directory in files or library mode after the files are scanned.\
\
The files you see after running XES are the same as the files you see from XEP, with the Eyetv EPG data, use the TV Shows directory to see thetvdb EPG data.\
\
1) Installation\
	A) XBMC\
		http://xbmc.org/wiki/?title=Plugins#XBMC_for_Mac_plugin_directories\
		http://xbmc.org/wiki/?title=Plugins#Adding_plugins_sources_in_XBMC_GUI\
		Set your Eyetv directory by pressing 'c' for context menu on the XBMCEyetvScraper plugin, then choose Plugin Settings\
		Add your TV Shows directory of symbolic links as a new source after you run XES \
\
	B) Boxee\
		http://boxee-plugins.blogspot.com/2008/12/installing-plugins-for-boxee.html\
		Set your Eyetv directory and other variables by editing:\
			/Applications/Boxee.app/Contents/Resources/Boxee/plugins/video/XBMCEyetvScraper/resources/settings.xml\
			and/or\
			/Applications/Boxee.app/Contents/Resources/Boxee/plugins/video/XBMCEyetvScraper/default.py\
		Add your TV Shows directory of symbolic links as a new source after you run XES \
\
2) Use\
	A) XBMC\
		Select XBMCEyetvScraper or the TV Show directory (after use) from the videos menu\
		Browse and select your video to play or hit 'c' to bring up the context menu and choose information to see more EPG data\
	B) Boxee\
		Select XBMCEyetvScraper from the video/Internet Sources menu\
		Browse and select your video to play or choose video/TV Shows\
\
3) Advanced Use\
	A) TOG\
		XES now has integrated TOG (Thumbnail Overlay Generator) but it's disabled by default.  To enable it hit 'c' to bring up the context menu on the plugin, then toggle TOG to on (Boxee users must edit /Applications/Boxee.app/Contents/Resources/Boxee/plugins/XBMCEyetvScraper/[resources/settings.xml | default.py]).  Edit XBMCEyetvScraper/default.py for your locations of the required Imagemagick and Ffmpeg, defaults are to the standard macports locations.  To install these packages, first install macports, then from the terminal,  sudo port install Imagemagick; sudo port install ffmpeg;\
		The first time you use the XES plug with TOG enabled it will take a while to generate the new (small size) thumbnails with overlays for your current Eyetv library.  Subsequent use will be very fast due to preexisting XBMC .tbn files.  Very small .tbn jpeg files will get created in your eyetv video packages, but it will not alter any original files, or impact regular Eyetv use in any way.  If you would like to remove these files the easiest way to do this is from the terminal, find /path/to/eyetv/folder -name "*.tbn" -exec rm \{\} \\;\
\
	B) LDS\
		XEP now has limited library support\strike , but it's disabled by default.  To enable it edit XBMCEyetvParser/default.py and set LDS = 1, default is 0.\strike0\striked0   LDS will create a directory (specify in XBMCEyetvScraper/default.py) and then populate that directory with symbolic links in the format XBMC library expects for TV shows.  You can then add that directory as a new source and set content on it to add it to the library.  Feel free to change the symbolic link names to better suit your scraper.  \strike Currently the Eyetv epg data isn't robust enough to set accurate season/episode numbers, this may change in the future.  Because the season/episode numbers can't be set automatically yet, very few if any actual episodes wind up in the library, you can try renaming symbolic links and rescanning or make .nfo files to supply data to the library.\strike0\striked0 \
\
	C) NFO\
		XEP now has limited .nfo file support, \strike but it's disabled by default.\strike0\striked0   To enable it edit XBMCEyetvScraper/default.py and set nfo = 1, default is 0.  LDS is required to be on for .nfo files to work.  Setting this will use the scrape epg data from thetvdb.  \strike Currently the Eyetv epg data isn't robust enough to set accurate season/episode numbers, this may change in the future.  Because the season/episode numbers can't be set automatically yet, very few if any actual episodes wind up in the library, you can try editing the .nfo files to supply data to the library.\strike0\striked0   Very small .nfo files will get created in your links directory, but it will not alter any original files.  If you would like to remove these files the easiest way to do this is just to throw the TVShow folder of symbolic links in the trash and let XES create fresh one. \strike  from the terminal, find /path/to/links/folder -name "*.nfo" -exec rm \{\} \\;\strike0\striked0 \
\
4) The Future\
	More Infolabels\
	More sorting options\
	Live TV Buffer support\
	EDL lists from Eyetv Plist files (commercial skipping)\
\
5) Notes\
	Sometimes XBMC caches thumbnails and icons so your changes, especially with TOG, might not be immediately apparent.  I don't really have a good solution for this other then recommend you remove those .tbn's directly from the thumbnail cache.  Perhaps the cache will periodically update, I'm not entirely certain, I'm open to ideas.\
\
Eyetv is a trademark of Elgato\
}